---
title: Video Games
description : This post is related to Video Games
date: '2019-04-18'
---

A **video game** is a game played by electronically manipulating images produced by a computer program on a television screen or other display screen.The state of video games continunly grows postitvely every single year. Software and hardware have been vital to its growth, without growth we would still all need to go an arcade instead of playing from our homes. Video games can be not only played at home, but they can be played while traveling in car, plane, train, while your at the dentist because video games have evolved from just being stationary to now being mobile. Now video games have evolved so far as to now go into VR or virtual realtiy.Virtual reality is computer-generated simulation of a three-dimensional image or environment that can be interacted with in a seemingly real or physical way by a person using special electronic equipment, such as a helmet with a screen inside or gloves fitted with sensors. Virtual reality games are simulation games can be anything from players being able do a heart surgery or even being an extremly haunted house where you have to escape a possessed person. Video games have now evolved to where people want to watch other people play. It has evolved to some would say an esport. An esport a multiplayer video game played competitively for spectators, typically by professional gamers.According to a report from Newzoo, a market analytics company, 380 million people worldwide will watch eSports this year, including 165 million eSports enthusiasts (a term that describes frequent viewers, as opposed to occasional viewers). The bulk of these enthusiasts watch from North America, China and South Korea.  With the rapid growth of esports and online sites such as Twitch, gamers were asked how often they watch other gamers playing online, esports tournaments, traditional sports online, and traditional sports on broadcast television. Streaming in gaming has become so popular,that there are certain players earning upwards of over six figures. For example Tyler Blevins also known as "Ninja" makes more than $100,000 from Twitch subscribers alone from playing Fortnite. Video games have become hobbies, a business, and entertainment.